update policies concepts page (#41351)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/policy/_index.md

---
title: "Policies"
weight: 90
no_list: true
description: >
  Manage security and best-practices with policies.
---

<!-- overview -->

> Kubernetes policies are configurations that manage other configurations or runtime behaviors. Kubernetes offers various forms of policies, described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes policies are means for you to constrain or require specific outcomes,
such as enforcing how a (Kubernetes) API is used, or restricting behavior at runtime.

Kubernetes offers various forms of policies, described below:
```
?

Author: - `specific outcomes` seems vague here....can we state as `specific configurations or outcomes`?
- `such as enforcing how a (Kubernetes) API is used` --> `such as enforcing how a resource is used`?

<!-- body -->

## Apply policies using API objects

 Some API objects act as policies. Here are some examples:

> * [NetworkPolicies](/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) can be used to restrict ingress and egress traffic for a workload.
>  * [LimitRanges](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) manage resource allocation constraints across different object kinds.
>  * [ResourceQuotas](/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/) limit resource consumption for a {{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}}.

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
* [NetworkPolicies](/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) can be used to restrict ingress and egress traffic for a workload.
* [LimitRanges](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) manage resource allocation constraints across different object kinds.
* [ResourceQuotas](/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/) limit resource consumption for a {{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}}.
```

> 

Reviewer: :thought_balloon: we could link to `#apply-policies-using-validatingadmissionpolicy` here and explain why it has its own heading.

Author: Since the #apply-policies-using-validatingadmissionpolicy itself links to `/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/` should we consider combining it with this section instead?
